hey people today i do a total
cool video together with the julia of
iks letter
scheiner
began
julia i will join you each one today
make-up a hairstyle and an outfit
show and we have something like that
conflicting issues are considered as the topic
makes for example such a sweet hairstyle
a bright friendly make up and a
cute outfit and I do so
a bit the opposite of mine
make-up he is dark as you see and
I have a pretty rocky fake
undercut hairstyle and a dark one
autumnal outfit oh yes i hope
Just like it and look up
every time at the julia on the
Channel over I link the pictures
infobox and again up here
that makes really great videos and
she is quite pretty and pretty
yes, I'm definitely looking over there
would just say a lot of fun
Now with my make-up of my hairstyle
and my outfit and afterwards
you will then find a preview again
and a link to her channel and to
your video with the make-up and outfit
ok i dont babble enough i would say
We're starting to have fun right now
First, I'm wearing a base on the
The eyeshadow keeps well and looks great
validity comes
with a light brown tone I open
I can do the whole song
a basis for our smokie
next I use a black one
eyeshadow and wear that on mine
movable lid on i find it important
that you do not have the black eyeshadow
beyond the eyelid, then blinded
then it can be very fast
Panda look moderate and the effect
I do not want to achieve
I would much rather have a flowing one
transition from black to brown
and that's why I'll take it here again
put on a dark brown tone and give
my eyelashes and you see that
I now see the transition from black to
dark brown in light brown
and then the whole thing is dazzled again
with my blender brush with it there
no hard edges arise
And finally, I'll take one again
bright eyeshadow on and that of
Merck the color vanilla then easy
again a highlight under the
to put eyebrow
I wear the lower eyelash wreath
again the same dark brown
eyeshadow to simply the top and
to connect the lower eye, so to speak
for the waterline namely one
highlighter pen from patrice and me
I think that is very new in the assortment and
just leaves the eye fresher and more fresh
Of course you can look better too
but then use a black kajal
Of course , the eye make-up is over
a lot darker and for the inner ones
Augenwinkel I take the highlighter
be a pen of al
Now I'm going to draw a cover stroke
with a gel one of maybelline
because
my mascara I with the multi
action black is black mascara by
Essens- and I think, by the way, very much
good and I recommend you
I almost wear my cheeks
always my african earth on because
Just a nice warm red
has brown tone and for my lips
I'll take a news today
lipstick of p2 you color 0 10 rodeo
drive and I'll give it then
a transparent lip gloss from
somehow kay
yes then we would be done with
the make-up and I would say
we directly times further with the hairstyle for
have this wild fake undercut hairstyle
I lured my hair first and when
you want to know how I lured them
I have and with what then I link you
Down in the infobox in video to as
I show it all and yes for this
hairstyle you pull in any case
a strong side vertex and catch
to your hair on one side too
copy
so it does not look like you
a bird's nest on the head would have
you scratch again with ease
brush over it with the top one
Hair is just above it and then
I fix this with hairspray
on the other side i share the
hair in two parts and then put the
lower over the top and I do that
Two times then take the bottom strand
again and take hair and put it
over the upper at the lower strands
namely hair again and put it
Over the top I do that until then
I arrived at the back of the back of the head
and you can also like the hair
to interweave the side that lies
actually even more beautiful than this
onion technology because that even closer
the scalp is, however, I can
not so good and with that
That's why I chose this variant
If I'm in any case then back
I am then trying the
Hair under the open hair too
hide and then secure with
hair clips of course you can too
like to use needles but keep them
never with me and yes that would be too
the finished hairstyle i find it
actually very cool and now we come
even to the outfit
I have a dark look to this look
chosen autumnal outfit and that
I have a plaid blouse from wila
together with a dark green trousers from
bremer combines the blouse is too
currently and costs 40 euros
The earrings chain and pants are from
primark earrings and chains are on
every case also up-to-date
my shoes are from tamaris too
currently have cost 70 euros and yes
I think that would be my complete
outfit I hope you have my video
I would be glad if you could
Subscribe to me and one
leave a comment
committed
began